Docs: Update dependencies for dev setup (#2282)
pretix/pretix: doc/development/setup.rst

* ``libssl`` (Debian package: ``libssl-dev``)
* ``libxml2`` (Debian package ``libxml2-dev``)
* ``libxslt`` (Debian package ``libxslt1-dev``)

> * ``libenchant1c2a`` (Debian package ``libenchant1c2a``) or if you use a debian version >= 11.1:
> * ``libenchant-2-2`` (Debian package ``libenchant-2-2``)

Reviewer: Honestly, I'd just drop the old thing.

```suggestion
* ``libenchant-2-2`` (Debian package ``libenchant-2-2``)
```

Working with the code
---------------------

> The first thing you need are a recent ``nodejs`` installation and all the main application's Python-level dependencies::::
> 
>     cd src/
>     url -sL https://deb.nodesource.com/setup_17.x | sudo -E bash -
>     sudo apt install nodejs
> 
> To add the path variable close and reopen your terminal. Now, run::
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not have a recent installation of ``nodejs``, install it now::

    url -sL https://deb.nodesource.com/setup_17.x | sudo -E bash -
    sudo apt install nodejs

To make sure it is on your path variable, close and reopen your terminal. Now, install the Python-level dependencies of pretix::

    cd src/
```

> The first thing you need are all the main application's dependencies::

Reviewer: I'd explicitly call out nodejs in case people want to install it a different way or already have it installed

```suggestion
The first thing you need are a recent ``nodejs`` installation and all the main application's Python-level dependencies::
```

    cd src/

>     url -sL https://deb.nodesource.com/setup_12.x | sudo -E bash -

Reviewer: Any specific reason for node.js 12? Current version is 17 as far as I can tell

    sudo apt install nodejs

>     url -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nvm-sh/nvm/v0.35.3/install.sh | bash

Reviewer: What is nvm and does one actually need that?

Author: nvm = node version manager, can be omitted by simply installing the current node version above
